This sermon is brought to you by Beaufort Road Baptist Church.
The speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot.
All right, tonight we want to get going and we want to pick up where we left off last Wednesday night.
And I'm going to ask you to turn with me to Revelation chapter 10.
And we're going to pick up tonight with verse number seven.
And we actually were mentioning a few of the things that
Verse 7 talks about, I think it would be appropriate for us to go back and re-enterate where we were and where we left off and pick up there in a very more orderly fashion.
So I want to read for you in Revelation 10, beginning in verse 7.
But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel,
when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God.
And so I want you to underline that phrase, the mystery of God.
Let me say this, there are some things about the Bible we will never understand in this life.
No matter how much we study, no matter how much we use references, commentaries, there are things that we're just not going to be able to get.
we're not going to be able to understand it.
And God reference these kinds of things as the mysteries of God, and we will see in other places.
But I think that there are things that we can know.
There are things that are reserved for us not to know the fanalities of these particularities until we get on the other side.
But here's the thing that I believe is the personal conviction it might not be yours and God bless you so forth, Hallelujah.
But I believe this that some of the things that we find so mind boggling and it seems like this, just a big hoop for us to jump through and we just can't connect the dots and it's frustrating and we do everything we can and we still come back to the place.
I just don't get it.
Here's the thing.
And you might say, you know, the first thing I'm going to do when I see Jesus, I'm going to ask you about this thing.
I just couldn't get down there on his life in this earth.
But I really believe this, that when we get to heaven, whether it be by death or rapture, and we see those nail scarred hands and we see his nail scarred feet.
and we like Thomas can put our hands on his ribbon side.
I don't believe we will give the things down on this life a second thought.
We will embrace the Savior and it will not be a matter of importance to us now.
When we've been there 10,000 years, bright shining as the sun, somewhere along the millionth year, you might pull Peter, James, and John to the side and say, hey, man, connect these dots.
And that will be okay.
But, you know, the thing is, I don't believe that when we get to heaven and see the Lord that we're going to rush Him and we're going to beg Him to tell us about the things we didn't understand in this life.
There are some things we just won't know in this life.
And as the song says, we'll understand it better in the by and by.
Maybe He will give us a full discourse of those things.
I don't know.
But I have come to find out this, that there are things when I do reach a place that I don't understand.
I do give it my best.
I study, I search the scriptures.
I do all that I can.
And there are occasions when I come to a place where I just don't know.
And this is what I have found out to be helpful to me, and I think beneficial for you.
And that is this, that when I get to such a place, it's best for me and beneficial for you, for me to tell you, I just don't know.
Rather than me try to make up something for you to just get a little chill or a goosebumps.
Listen, that's not what this is all about.
There are some things I will never know.
Because of that, my responsibility to teach and preach the Word of God, I might be shallow in a truth here or a truth there.
I will tell you one thing I'm absolutely sure on, and that is Jesus is the only way to heaven.
And there is no other way to be saved, no other name given among men, whereby we must be saved.
I can promise you I'm dead sure of that.
So when we get to a place like this, the mystery of God, there are several.
I'm going to give you seven.
I gave you a few of them last Wednesday night.
Should be finished as he hath declared to his servants,
the prophets.
Now, when I get to this place, the mystery of God, I want to list for you seven, which the Bible speaks about.
I gave you last Wednesday night, the mystery of God's will.
And I gave you the reference in Ephesians chapter one and verse number nine.
And so if you were writing those down, or we seem to have been going so fast that you missed it, we give it to you again tonight.
heaven, may known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he had purposed in his heart.
Then we talked about the mystery of iniquity.
And the Apostle Paul was writing in 2 Thessalonians, chapter 2, verse number 7, for the mystery of iniquity.
That's already working only he.
This is what we spend a lot of time with last Wednesday night.
He the Holy Spirit
who now leteth, will let until he be taken out of the way.
And that will happen in the rapture.
All right.
Then there is the mystery of godliness in our first Timothy chapter three, verse number 16.
The word says this.
And without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness.
God was manifest in the flesh justified in the spirit scene of angels preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world.
received up in glory.
Now, let me say a word about the mystery of godliness.
I think all of us know what it is to live a godly Christian life.
We know what it's like to live in an exemplary way where we listen, be careful.
We cannot be perfect and we cannot live above sin.
It's the same thing like Mary, the mother of Jesus.
She was not blessed above women.
She was blessed among women.
And none of us, no matter how long we have been saved, we will never reach sinless perfection in this life.
Some people teach it, some people preach it, and it's a doctrine that some people adhere to.
We will never be able to reach sinless perfection.
That's why 1 John 1 9 is in the Bible.
If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Now, because we cannot live perfect, that has a consequence on every aspect of our life.
We will make bad decisions.
We will have bad thoughts.
Perhaps we will go to bad places.
A lot of things in our life
really hinge on our depravity, our humanity.
But it comes down to a lot of times when I have students from the school who get themselves in a wad.
I have to sit down and talk to them in love.
And one of the things I helped them to
admit and come face to face with and that is that they do have the ability to know the difference between right and wrong.
And so that's not an issue for us.
We do know even unbelievers have a conscience and know the difference between right and wrong.
But what the lost does not have is the convicting power of the Holy Spirit.
So as a believer, listen, when we get ourselves in a mess, the spirit, and even really before we get into the mess, I think the Holy Spirit gives us complete conviction.
You better not do this.
You better think this through.
You better not go there.
You better not say that and get involved with this.
And so sometimes we have the warnings, but we don't heat them and we just press through and we end up suffering the consequences.
We know what Godliness is.
I don't want any of us to think that there is a place, a plateau where we can arrive and achieve to where we are going to be sinless and perfected in this life that's not going to happen.
We will not be perfect until we receive a glorified body, and that glorified body is not given to us until the Rapture.
The Bible says that when the rapture take place that we will see him and we shall be like him.
We will be perfected in a glorified body on the day of the rapture and not before.
So let me say this.
He who is without sin, throw the first stone.
I've learned a long time ago not to carry rocks in my pocket.
I can assure you that.
But I think we do know what godliness is all about, what wholeness is all about.
Now, we don't have to walk around dressed like monks and use the words, brother of how art thou, and we don't have to put on some kind of cosmetic charade.
But this is what I believe.
Jesus said, let your light so shine before me.
He said, you're the light of the world.
Now that's a big responsibility.
All of us have a responsibility to be the light of the world, salt of the earth.
So I think that there's a little bit more light on this.
Now let me give you this one, the mystery of God.
Colossians chapter two and verse number two, that their hearts might be comforted being knit together in love and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding to the acknowledgment of the mystery of God.
and of the Father and of Christ.
Now, there are many mysteries of God that we become aware of in the scripture, in our journey from Genesis to Revelation, that we just can't give the answer to.
We don't know.
It's like this, one of the most, I think, fruitless questions that I have been asked through the years is, well, Pastor, where did God come from?
I don't know that I have ever been asked that question in sincerity.
I think most of the time I've been asked that question has been from the premise of debate.
But here's the truth about that.
Where did God come from?
He's always been.
Now, that's a true, that's a simple answer, but it's the truth.
He's always, he had no beginning, he had no end.
In fact, he
Through the Lord Jesus Christ, I think is represented well in the order of Melchizedek and the Old Testament.
He had no beginning.
He has no ending.
He's the Alpha Omega.
So there's some things about God that is just not going to be possible to wrap our brains around.
We just don't know, but here's one listed for you tonight.
The other is this.
The mystery of the seven stars and we're in Revelation and this comes up in Revelation 1.20.
The mystery of the seven stars, which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks, the seven stars are the seven angels of the seven churches, and the seven candlesticks, which thou sawest are the seven churches.
And we can figure this out pretty much as we study the word.
Now, then there's the mystery of the woman on the beast in Revelation chapter 17 and verse number seven.
And the angel said unto me, wherefore this thou marvel, I will tell thee the mystery of the woman and of the beast that carryeth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.
All right, we shall soon get to Revelation 17 in the journey.
Let me give you one more.
The mystery of Israel, Romans chapter 11, verse number 25.
For I would not brethren that you should be ignorant of the mystery of this mystery lest you should be wise in your own concepts.
That blindness in part is happened to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles be come in.
All right.
So I have given you seven instances in the word where the mystery is identified with several subjects.
and I have given you the scripture references for these.
Now these mysteries are distinct from the mysteries of God, I believe in our present age.
The mystery and revelation, for example, 10, seven.
Let's look at that for a moment.
Revelation 10, seven, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to his service.
and the prophets.
And I think this will be unfolded at the time when the mighty angel who we have discovered and seen in the Scriptures, the Lord Jesus, he will stand on the earth and the sea with them under his feet and in his hand raised up to God's throne.
We've already seen that in the Scriptures.
Now, that leads us to a subject that I think needs to be addressed and it
rightfully deserves some clarity in the answer.
And that is this, because there is so much conflict and upheaval in the world today.
So the question comes from this.
God has allowed, and I emphasize aloud, He has allowed the devil to rule the affairs of men
for a little more than 6,000 years.
Scriptures clearly teach us that the devil is the prince of the power of the air.
Now, do you remember in the story of Job, the devil came to God and said, listen, this great servant of yours, let me paraphrase this a little bit tonight, this great servant of yours, you think he's a big deal God, but I promise you,
You give me the opportunity and I will bring this man to his knees where he will curse you and want to die."
He said, but I can't get to him because you have a hedge about him.
When the discussion was conversed in such a way that the hedge would be moved,
God said, okay, you can do anything to this man that you want to, but you just can't kill him.
I emphasized tonight not on that declaration, but the emphasis is on the hedge.
And I think God's people do live in the premise and promise of a hedge of protection.
I think when we pray, listen,
There have been missionaries we pray for, especially our brother Kevin, Sister Christina, who's on the mission field.
You know what I pray for?
I pray that God will constantly keep a headship protection about them.
Whenever we get as a church family and some of our members and folks that are dear to us, whenever we hear that there is a commotion going on in and around their life, and they have to
deal with something, a process, or some type of dispute, or whatever it may be.
I often find myself praying, God, please keep a hedge of protection about them.
So I know that God can and has and does operate with this hedge.
Now, if that's so,
Then why does bad things happen to good people?
Or simply put another way, why does bad things happen to God's people?
We've often wondered that at times when we found ourselves in the valley of despair, we found a juniper tree, we crawled under and we thought the world was going to end.
We've all been in those types of depressed antics or emotions or ways.
We've all all been there.
And I think sometimes when we get to those places, it does lead us to question God.
And the question again is this, why does God allow it?
God has allowed the devil to rule, listen carefully, to rule over the affairs.
Does that mean that God's been absent?
Absolutely not.
I could go back to the founding of this nation.
God's been here ever since the founding of this nation happens.
This land America was built on faith and freedom.
You see what's going on today in Washington DC and it's repulsive.
Far, far from where this country was found.
So when I say that God has allowed the devil to rule the affairs of men for a little over 6,000 years, that doesn't mean that God has been absent.
He's that he's been an absentee.
He's worked and moved in incredible mighty ways.
In some ways, you can testify in your own lives that it was a miracle.
Something happened at the 11th hour and heaven broke through and penetrated the chains of darkness.
And you know Jesus did it all.
You know that.
But again, God has allowed the devil
to officially rule the affairs of men for a little over 6,000 years.
And he has been in the ruling in his operation.
He has completely wrecked, devastated, turned upside down in a most upheaval way.
He has wrecked all of God's creation.
And I could give you, we could talk about this forever, but listen carefully.
Here's the thing, we know, even though the devil has ruled the affairs of men for a little over 6,000 years, and in his ruling, he has basically destroyed all of God's creation.
Here's what we know.
We know that God ultimately is more powerful than the devil.
You see, God is omnipotent.
That means he is all power.
We know that Satan's power, listen carefully, is limited
The devil's power is limited by the power of God.
And we have to remember that.
Satan is mighty, but God is all mighty.
We know that in the end, according to the word of God, that Satan is going to be cast down.
But here is the painful question again, but why?
Why has God allowed him to get by with so much for so long?
I think it's a mystery of God.
And I think the answer really and truly is not for us to know.
That opens up a lot.
Well, I believe, Richard, at the reason, if you go back to this baggy eye, whatever, you can do all that stuff.
But I truly believe this personally by great conviction that this is what I was talking about a moment ago.
This is one of the mysteries of God.
Why has God allowed it?
I don't believe it's for us to know.
I know we have the events in prophecy, but it comes down to this.
Whenever there is a great mystery of God, remember this.
It's not our business to question out.
And let me give you the scripture in Deuteronomy chapter 29 and verse number 29.
The secret things belong unto the Lord and our God.
But those things which are revealed belonging to us and to our children forever that we may do all the words of this law.
But secret things, mystery things belong into the Lord.
Let me give you one more.
Ecclesiastes chapter 12 and verse 13.
Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter.
Fear God and keep his commandments for this is the whole duty of man.
That's our responsibility.
It's not our business to question him.
It's a regardless to whatever happens to believers on this earth.
Remember this Romans 828 all things Now doesn't say some things most things a lot of things And we know that all things Work together for good now.
Does it say all things are good?
To them that love God.
It's not what it says and I have been quoted that verse wrongly many times through the last 45 years
But it doesn't say, and we know that all things are good for them to love God.
Because here's the thing, if you think that's what it says, then you believe this.
And Jesus said, take up your picnic basket and follow me.
Now, what did he say?
He didn't say take up your picnic basket and follow me.
He said, what?
Take up your what?
Cross.
All of us have a cross.
And we might look at others and say, oh, but he didn't have it.
She didn't have it as bad as I do.
And I wish I were them.
And I wish I had what they had and didn't have to go through what I listen.
We are all of us are beautifully and wonderfully, uniquely, each league made.
And we are all made different in the image of God.
So the correct way to read the verse is exactly what it says.
And we know that all things work together.
Now, who's good?
It doesn't say, and we know that all things work together for our good.
As a believer, we have to understand that everything is working together for God.
We know that all things work together for good.
God's glory to them that love God, to them who are called according to His purpose.
So we have to remember that God has a master plan for all of us.
In Acts chapter 15 and verse number 18, the word says this, known unto God are all His works from the beginning of the world.
So God has a master plan for each of us.
So when we read verse number seven, having said everything we've just said since the beginning of the study tonight, let me read it.
But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God, it should be finished as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
Now we move to verse number eight.
And the voice which I heard from heaven speak unto me again and said, go and take the little book, which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth.
Now, John's being instructed here to take the book out of the hand of the mighty angel.
And he does that in verse number nine.
And I went unto the angel and said unto him, give me the little book.
And he said unto me, take it.
Now, here is a mysterious verse.
The angel said,
Take it, but then here's something we don't understand and eat it.
Take it and eat it up and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey.
John is commanded to eat this book.
Wow.
So in verse 10, and I took John says, we'll close here tonight with this, and I took the little book out of the angel's hand.
And I did exactly what I was told.
I ate it.
I ate it up.
And it was in my mouth, sweet as hunting.
And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter.
So
He does what he's told, and it becomes sweet in his mouth, bitter in his belly.
And so the message of this comes down to grace and redemption, I believe.
The message of grace, the message of redemption and peace is sweet.
But God's judgment is better.
And John said, I've got to deliver this.
Now I don't have time to get into some subpoints tonight and some additional verses.
Lord willing to pick up here.
Next Wednesday night, but these are incredible verses.
And really verse 17 here, a verse number 11 will close us out.
But I don't want to rush into that.
It's been a good study for me.
I hope it's been for you tonight.
Amen.
You listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot.
For more information, visit our website at Beaufort Road BaptistChurch.com.